NewsCenter has decided to drop Surya
Namaskar from asanas to be performed by
people across the country to commemorate
International Day of yoga on jun 21st
the trimming of the drill is aimed at
catering to the sensibilities of the
minorities in the wake of opposition
from Muslim groups launching a
nationwide campaign against making what
is dubbed Hindu religious practices
compulsory in educational institutions
the all india muslim personal board aimp
lb had demanded that the order making
Surya Namaskar compulsory in schools we
also cancelled Surya Namaskar a yogic
practice of comprehensive development of
the body is considered a crucial
component for improvement of holistic
health earlier in April the government
had come under attack on the use of ohm
a champ while using a common protocol
for celebration of the international
yoga day meanwhile preparations are in
full swing for the mega event on jun
21st which is expected to witness almost
40,000 people from across the country
performing asanas at Delhi's Rajputs
prime minister narendra modi will
address the gathering minister of state
for a huge Sri prot Nayak's says our
ministry is also trying to register the
mega event in the Guinness Book of World
Records nyek said he said free yoga
camps are being organized in 651
district while hundreds such camps will
be held in Delhi to observe the day
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj
along with Mike will launch a special
portal for the event on jun 9th in
December last year the united nations
general assembly adopted jun 21st as
international yoga day after PM modi
urged the world community to celebrate
the end
on a global scale with over 175 nations
supporting more these proposals the move
was seen as a major diplomatic win for
India various yoga schools and centers
like Asia Foundation Patanjali and
Morarji Desai National Institute of yoga
are also collaborating to conduct
workshops and yoga sessions along with
showcasing different kinds of ayurvedic
herbal and organic products to visitors
at the organic and wellness heart in the
capital the irish ministry will also
organize and international conference on
yoga which will focus on holistic health
the theme includes traditional basis of
yoga and its role in prevention of
disease along with through perfect
potentials of yoga the conference will
also discuss the importance of yoga of
global peace the railways has urged is
over 13 lat employs to celebrate the day
in a big way
you